README.md, before:

# Minetest Game

The default game bundled in the Minetest engine.  

For further information, check 
[this forum topic](https://forum.minetest.net/viewtopic.php?f=15&t=9724).   
Also see the [Minetest Wiki](https://wiki.minetest.net/Subgames/Minetest_Game) 
for more information.

## Installation

- Unzip the archive, rename the folder to minetest_game and
place it in .. minetest/games/

- GNU/Linux: If you use a system-wide installation place
    it in ~/.minetest/games/.

The Minetest engine can be found at [GitHub](https://github.com/minetest/minetest).

For further information or help, see:  
https://wiki.minetest.net/Installing_Mods

## Compatibility

The Minetest Game GitHub master HEAD is generally compatible with the GitHub
master HEAD of the Minetest engine.  
Additionally, when the Minetest engine is tagged to be a certain version (e.g.
0.4.10), Minetest Game is tagged with the version too.

When stable releases are made, Minetest Game and the Minetest engine is packaged 
and made available at [www.minetest.net](https://www.minetest.net/downloads/).

## Licensing

See `LICENSE.txt`

Commit message:

Updated README.md with new info
  There be Ores in these lands!

README.md, after:

# Minetest Ores

This is a modified version of Minetest Game.

This increases chances to encounter some kind of ore while mining thus increasing the fun!

This game was modified for small servers will low player counts (Anything above 10 should seek to use Minetest Game rather than Minetest Ores)

I will need to manually update this as Minetest and Minetest Game are updated so expect no immediate release updates.

# Minetest Game

The default game bundled in the Minetest engine.  

For further information, check 
[this forum topic](https://forum.minetest.net/viewtopic.php?f=15&t=9724).   
Also see the [Minetest Wiki](https://wiki.minetest.net/Subgames/Minetest_Game) 
for more information.

## Installation

- Unzip the archive, rename the folder to minetest_game and
place it in .. minetest/games/

- GNU/Linux: If you use a system-wide installation place
    it in ~/.minetest/games/.

The Minetest engine can be found at [GitHub](https://github.com/minetest/minetest).

For further information or help, see:  
https://wiki.minetest.net/Installing_Mods

## Compatibility

The Minetest Game GitHub master HEAD is generally compatible with the GitHub
master HEAD of the Minetest engine.  
Additionally, when the Minetest engine is tagged to be a certain version (e.g.
0.4.10), Minetest Game is tagged with the version too.

When stable releases are made, Minetest Game and the Minetest engine is packaged 
and made available at [www.minetest.net](https://www.minetest.net/downloads/).

## Licensing

See `LICENSE.txt`
